== README

This README documents whatever steps are necessary to get the application up and running.

= Info

* Ruby 2.1.1p76, Rails 4.1.0 

* Database commands

 rake db:migrate 
 rake db:seed

* this rails application is very much a WIP!!!

= Useage

This is a temporary guide on how to use the page while it is still unfinished.

== Adding questions

Use the questions menu to add questions.

All questions are displayed as a table. A link to add another question is under the table.

While adding / updating questions you can freely add/edit answers and manage labels (create new labels or bind existing ones).

== Creating tests

Use the tests menu to add tests, manage timetables and attempts

All tests are displayed as a table. A link to add another test is under the table.

While adding / updating tests you can freely add/edit timeslots.

== Print tests

To print out a version of the test:

* add all questions (at the moment all questions are added to any test)

* create 1 test with atleast 1 timetable

* register to the test (on the test page)

* use the attempt page to start the attempt (questions wil be chosen in random order with randomized answers)

* use the 'view questions' link to see the test

* use the browsers built-in printing functionality

NB! While using the browser built-in printing make sure to DISABLE printing headers and footers

Page breaking will be avoided inside questions. This might result in some exess space at the end of pages.

= Copyright

This application has been developed by:

* Tiia Tänav (2014)